Revise PR template for AI disclosure and reviewer questions (#351)
rust-lang/a-mir-formality: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Author: ```suggestion
* I used an AI tool for research, autocomplete, or in other minimal ways
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/a-mir-formality/351/7d26e6a06225e7034a6feae3aa4c60d97ee61dd1..9be7735d7ee40e60ac96d7786a69fe2596d87785)*

<!-- Remove the items that do not apply. -->

* I used an AI tool for research, autocomplete, or in other minimal ways

> * The AI tool authored small parts of the code (e.g., autocomplete, comments)

Author: ```suggestion
* The AI tool made only rote or editorial changes (e.g., autocomplete, refactorings, fixing lints, adding comments, etc)
```

> * The AI tool authored large parts of the code

Author: ```suggestion
* The AI tool authored the main logic of the code
```
